![Banner](https://s-christy.com/status-banner-service/status-banner-server/banner-slim.svg)

## Overview

This is a server that I created for some practical reasons. First, I wanted to
add "banners" to the top of the READMEs on all of my GitHub repositories. These
banners would display the name of the repository, and give a brief description
or tag-line to introduce it to new users. I wanted these to be a bit stylish, so
I also added a way to include an icon, add customizable colors, and stuff like
that.

I also want to integrate this with my CI pipeline so that I have a way to
produce images like this that react to the code coverage or test status of each
repository, similar to how [shields](https://shields.io/) and friends works.
This latter feature is not included in the project at time of writing, but will
be added in the near future.

The server itself is very simple: just a basic Node.js setup serving static
content. The reason I did this was so that I can switch from Node to some other
web server like Nginx or LigHTTPd in the future.

The static content is generated by simple Bash scripts copying data from a
template into sub-directories named according to the project they are
supporting. The actual information that the script uses is supplied by a
"manifest.json" file. An example of this file can be found in `examples/`.

Finally, there is a static index file that gives the user the ability to review
the generated data all at once, and experiment with different colors and styles.

## API

"API" may be a bit of a misnomer, but there are particular routes that are
generated for the targets that are specified in the JSON manifest file. Right
now, those routes are:

### `reponame`/banner.svg

Return a banner that contains the human readable repository name, an associated
symbol, and a three-line description of the repository.

### `reponame`/banner-slim.svg

Same as above, but with less wasted space.

## Dashboard

At the document root, there is an index file that shows previews of all of the
banners, and provides a way to experiment with color combinations.

## Dependencies

```
curl
jq
node.js
npm
```

## Credits

I took some color combination ideas from
[colorion.co](https://2colors.colorion.co/).

The scripts in this repository take icons from [Google
Fonts](https://fonts.google.com).

## License

This work is licensed under the GNU General Public License version 3 (GPLv3).

[<img src="https://s-christy.com/status-banner-service/GPLv3_Logo.svg" width="150" />](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)
